h1. sdb

A Clojure library for working with "Amazon SimpleDB":http://aws.amazon.com/simpledb/
, "(docs)":http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AmazonSimpleDB/latest/DeveloperGuide/

Built on top of Amazon's "Java API for SimpleDB":http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/entry.jspa?externalID=1132&categoryID=189
, "(javadocs)":http://s3.amazonaws.com/awscode/amazon-simpledb/2007-11-07/java/library/doc/index.html

The library lets you directly save and load Clojure data, and query using data. No strings! Stores using lexicographically-sortable representations. Can store strings, keywords, ints, longs, Dates, booleans and UUIDs, and can be extended to other primitives.

The dependencies can be downloaded from "here":http://cloud.github.com/downloads/richhickey/sdb/deps.zip

h2. Usage

<pre>
(use 'org.clojure.sdb)

(def aws-key "[...]")
(def aws-secret-key "[...]")
(def client (create-client aws-key aws-secret-key))

(put-attrs client "heroes" {:sdb/id "spiderman"
                            :power "spidery-things"
                            :secret-identity "Peter Parker"})

(put-attrs client "heroes" {:sdb/id "hulk"
                            :power "huge angry thing"
                            :secret-identity "Bruce Banner"})

(put-attrs client "heroes" {:sdb/id "venom"
                            :power "spidery-things"
                            :secret-identity "Eddie Brock"
                            :evil true})

(get-attrs client "heroes" "spiderman")
;; {:secret-identity "Peter Parker", :power "spidery-things", :sdb/id "spiderman"}

(query client '{:select [:secret-identity] :from "heroes" :where (= :evil true)})
;; ({:secret-identity "Eddie Brock", :sdb/id "venom"})
pre>

h2. Local Use

It's not always desirable to connect to a live server when using SimpleDB since you get charged (a small amount) for every transaction, and you won't be able to develop while offline. To develop against a local SimpleDB mock, download and install "SimpleDB-dev":http://code.google.com/p/simpledb-dev/ and configure your client to use an alternate service URL:

<pre>
$ wget http://simpledb-dev.googlecode.com/files/simpledb-dev-0.1.10.zip
$ unzip simpledb-dev-0.1.10.zip
$ python SimpleDB-Dev/src/simpledb_dev.py &

In your code:

(create-client my-sdb-key my-sdb-secret-key
               (.withServiceURL (com.amazonaws.sdb.AmazonSimpleDBConfig.)
                                "http://localhost:8080")))
</pre>
